fix: sd-jwt vc sub value (#277)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/pid-eaa-data-model.rst

      - [NSD].URL string representing the PID/(Q)EAA Issuer unique identifier.
      - `[RFC7519, Section 4.1.1] <https://www.iana.org/go/rfc7519>`_.
    * - **sub**

>       - [NSD].The identifier of the subject of the Digital Credential, the User, must be opaque and should not correspond to any anagraphic data or be derived from the User's anagraphic data through pseudonymization.

Author: ```suggestion
      - [NSD]. The identifier of the subject of the Digital Credential, the User, MUST be opaque and MUST NOT correspond to any anagraphic data or be derived from the User's anagraphic data via pseudonymization. Additionally, it is required that two different Credentials issued MUST NOT use the same ``sub`` value.
```
